{"timestamp": "2023-02-18 04:29:36", "text": "Have you ever wondered why we love Super Bowl ads so much? I have. There are regular answers about storytelling and creativity, but there's something more. The commercials have become an annual ritual that captures our imaginations and blur commerce & culture. The ads themselves begin to garner their own cultural capital. Commercials aren't just stories or entertainment. They're a glimpse into our society; they show what people are up to. Everyone is a consumer, you and I, and businesses (with all their suppliers). In a society dominated by consumption, the things we buy hold value. The collective gazing into ads is society looking at itself in a mirror, examining what we find important, and showing where the shifts are happening. And then, we talk about it because that is us processing this information. It's how we make meaning. And meaning-making isn't just the point of marketing, but of society as a whole. Times Square is another parallel. I've called it the Mecca of Commercialism. It's a place where people flock to. It's where people go to take and share photos of themselves in this place of advertisement because it is, in some ways, the center of where culture meets commerce—the center of it all. It's a marketplace of imagery, and we love imagery. We see ourselves in it. I've thought of other comparable collective rituals we have. Movie trailers came to mind, especially in the pre-Internet days when the only way to intentionally see the was before the movie started in a theater. You go to the movies to watch the trailers because it gives you a sense of what's coming up next. In many ways, that's what Super Bowl commercials are. They're a glimpse into the future. This role of foretellers harks back to the role that merchants of old have played historically. They were the ones who traveled to far-off lands and came back with stories and goods about what was out there and what was headed our way. The merchants were the ones who traveled into new spaces and got new ideas. And we, as marketers, continue that long tradition of voyaging into the future, foretelling what is coming."}