{"timestamp": "2022-06-29 19:07:30", "text": "Contrary to concerted marketing efforts, social networks today don't foster real inter-community interactions. TikTok (which usually gets lumped into the social media category) recently denied they're a social network and instead is an entertainment network. The social part of social media turned out to be a mirage. Many attempts have been made to break through today's moats built by Facebook. However, networks like Discord are fascinating because they entered through the \"gaming\" world, which as a universe is already built on top of an existing content architecture (i.e., the actual game itself) that you would engage, interact, and generally socialize over. With something Like Facebook, the interactions themselves become the content that the interactions happen. It's like a Ponzi scheme of content creation. See Roblox as it became the go-to meta destination wholly built on top of a gaming network. One of the reasons for Twitter's longevity is that its social network is built on top of an existing content framework, in their case, \"news and culture.\" News/culture (the macro ecosystem that we're all part of) is constantly generating content in the form of cultural happenings and news. The social interactions on Twitter are built over those interactions. This extra buttress of content allowed Discord to outcompete FB in the real sense of building a social network and community. This is one of the reasons why Discord is the network of choice for many web3 initiatives and ventures. There are other attempts at having decentralized social networks; one of the more experimental initiatives is the federated social network. Using that a few years ago gave me the epiphany that digital social networks can bring real connection in ways that are mainly absent on the algorithm-driven social networks of FB/IG in the last ten years. Plato and his cave come to mind. New things in the industry are coming as marketers experience new possibilities of community and connection (as envisioned by the initial Internet pioneers) by having new Internet tools."}