{"timestamp": "2023-11-29 00:08:31", "text": "Will they come if you build it? Distribution vs product. It's one of those classic debates with plenty of room for insight, paradox, and guidance. Company They're wholly focused on building a powerful solution to some obvious problem. 100% conviction that people will come once they build it. For them to have success, they must still interact with the market. It could be community-building with their immediate network. Remember, word-of-mouth still accounts for a large chunk of attribution. Company Only focused on building a system & process for distribution. Barely even making a product. The MVP is as minimum as it gets (think landing page and a brief manifesto). They're working to get people excited and lining up conversations. A manifesto for a product can still function as the product, yet not long enough to sustain a company. If done properly, focusing on distribution can help spot an undiscovered pain point or increase differentiation. Yet, someone, somewhere in that company better start executing on the product. Even if people come, they will just as easily go. Regardless of the details, both of these companies are evenly positioned to succeed or fail. All that to say, there's no particular area a company SHOULD focus on. There are too many factors: the stage of the business, the team, and the entrepreneur's vision. The product vs. distribution distinction is not a grand strategic direction but a more mundane, repetitive decision-making process. A process that helps me answer where we should put time and energy for the week or month. Right now, in Q4 of 2023, I'm focused on distribution. Everyone is building, and everyone is coming and going. If I can figure out a piece of the distribution puzzle, we can extend our runway a bit more to keep improving the product. And maybe that's the actual relationship between the two sides; it's regenerative. Once you solve for the first chicken, many more eggs and chickens will be had."}