{"timestamp": "2024-04-24 16:55:29", "text": "OOooooh this is going to be very interesting. It becomes \"More helpful over time\" and the more you use it. This is like the network effect, but for knowledge of you. I've been calling this the Knowledge Effect. A system (whether an algorithm or a model like an LLM) gets more value as the system gets more knowledge about the users and participants in that system. There's a learning multiplier that happens as more users use it over more time. Time is key here, though. Time can exponential growth, like when we visualize the power of compounding interest over 30+ years. Same here with the exponential jump in a system's knowledge of you and how much more relevant & helpful it can become. The longer the system gets used over time, the smarter it gets and the more helpful it becomes to you. This gap will especially be more glaring when in the future you try out an LLM that DOESN'T have the previous conversations. (Although there will probably be services that will let you transfer you previous conversations through the cloud to each other, basically like you're licensing your avatar. Like a reverse N64, you become the cartridge that gets plugged into the system.) Over years of a person using it, say in the year 2028, this assistant won't be just like 20% more helpful every year, but it'll be orders of magnitude, like 10,000%, more helpful (as judged by some magic metric of LLM helpfulness as a proxy for its value). At that point, it'll just \"feel\" like what was the promise of GenAI, and we will just move on and be preoccupied with looking for ways to arrange ourselves into different industries, companies, and associations. Basically, the humans will continue humaning. This makes the first-mover advantage with these persistent memory LLMs that much more valuable with the data they collect. Eventually, these models become data snowballs, much like Google and Facebook became data snowballs. All that Knowledge that a model has accumulated on you becomes the biggest moat a company can build. And that's the Knowledge Effect. Anyway, excited to keep using ChatGPT as it chugs along toward GenAI e"}