{"timestamp": "2024-12-10 17:38:14", "text": "My Ikigai What's an exciting reason for getting energized professionally in the morning? For me, it's to write and explore ideas - to discover and be curious about MY OWN IDEAS THROUGH MY WRITING. That joy has been such a great discovery. Even this specific written passage right here, it came from me, and it must have been here all along but only now does it surface after I've been writing for a while I'm in awe of the power of ideas and the power of perspectives - how these little things can be a big leverage or a strong string to pull on and unravel the whole thing. That's exciting. I love being able to solve workflow problems too, being able to think through the work, to be discerning. There's a certain craft to it. What moves me is seeing people being impacted by good business and good marketing. I have been touched by good business and brands and marketing and think it has real magical power in a collective way, not in a supernatural or religious sense, but more in the socio-cultural realm. There's power to brands and demigods and celebrities and a real reason why we as a collective human species over time and space have always cultivated and culminated these sort of stories. Some of these stories exist as what we normally call brands. The demigods (and the stories about them) have a certain pull, a force, and an attraction. Do we embody Hercules when we wear Jordans? The demigods themselves embody values and qualities, and we have storytelling rituals (and that includes costumes such as jerseys, designer bags etc) that HELP US EMBODY THOSE BEINGS. That's the key ingredient - it has to be mutual. We have to be able to get a taste of the demigod, of the divine. We have to be able to embody it if just for a second. That's why they're demigods and not gods. Half god, half human. We love these stories. We love imagining these things can exist, because psychologically these things exist, clearly, through all the stories through history."}