{"timestamp": "2022-08-23 18:21:06", "text": "Many have seen this video of the screen glow from apartment dwellers simultaneously streaming the House of the Dragon record-breaking premiere. Wearing my anthropologist hat, three things jumped out at me: 1. Relationship between Individual and Collective 2. Streaming and post-time 3. Lights flickering in a cave system . . . 1. I love how this video captures a scene of synchronized but uncoordinated collective ritual. It looks mesmerizing, like watching ocean waves come and go across a beach. Streaming a show at home is an individual act that can always become a Collective Act. Certain shows get qualified as a must-see, and we implicitly agree on giving them cultural symbolism. This process happens in real-time, and this video is an example of documenting this ritual. That's the magic of \"society,\" this supra-collective organism shaped in unison by seemingly separate, individual choices. This video shows a physically unique perspective of this merging between the Individual and Collective. 2. Cloud-based streaming, algorithmic timelines, and asynchronous messaging have shifted our relationship to time to what I've called a Post-Time Presence. However, time still has a firm grasp on us, being that we are human and inhabit physical bodies. We are still bound to physical rituals that become social connective tissues of a culture. These rituals give us unity and a sense of belonging. We do these rituals unwittingly, but for them to work, they must be done in real-time. There is a time for something. Timing becomes more valuable. In a world on a cloud, time becomes a stable structure that grounds us in the Now. 3. For thousands of years, humans gathered in caves and other solid earth abodes and put on shows for each other with lights, shadows, cave paintings, and acted stories. Now I see this concrete slab carved with modern caves, with the light flickering from the outside. We are still gathering in caves, playing with light. (h/t @bkillinit)"}