{"timestamp": "2024-06-20 04:57:44", "text": "What happens when value becomes noise? \"Providing value\" has been a buzz concept for as long as I can remember. If you're doing any marketing or sales, it's drilled that you have to provide value upfront. You want to give things away and only then ask for something. (Jab, jab, jab, right hook, in the words of Gary V.) There's absolutely nothing wrong with this advice on the surface. It's great and admirable. But eventually, with everyone doing this, all this value becomes noise. Buyers are DROWNED in e-books, playbooks, swipe files, checklists, webinars, and all the follow-up recordings to those webinars they registered and never attended. Eventually, all that \"value\" becomes noise, and the challenge remains: how does a seller stand out? Value no longer stands out. And this is only accelerating as it gets easier to repurpose content with AI. You do the webinar and turn it into an e-book, chop it into an article, and turn it into a carousel. Then, you send it to all your prospects and hit the checkbox for \"providing value.\" Eventually, rather than badgering leads with meeting requests, you're now badgering them with free content. So what's a seller to do? I don't know the answer (sorry), but it doesn't seem that the solution is more content in more forms. My mind goes to \"relationship-building,\" which is often another well-intentioned recommendation, but what does that actually mean? When I dig into that advice, it goes back to some variation of \"provide value, but make it PERSONAL.\" Then we're back at the same spot of inundating with value. And again, to be clear, I get that it's all with good intentions. Though remember, the road to hell is paved with good intentions. And my hell is my Recent Downloads folder with 17 e-books, 6 recordings of webinars, and 8 checklists/playbooks. That does not even touch what the LinkedIn feed looks like. The pendulum is swinging, and my hunch is that at some point, the sellers that stand out will be the ones who are okay to be completely upfront about their pitch, \"This is our product, this is how much it costs, and here's a link to a video that shows the demo.\" Tell me I'm wrong."}