{"timestamp": "2025-05-01 05:53:07", "text": "Crowds attract crowds. If you want people, go to where the people are, because other people will go there. Network effects, gravity, Pareto distribution; the names are different, but they're just different angles of the same things. If crowds attract crowds, go where the crowds are. Conferences, meetups, summits, panels, talks, performances. See who those places invite to come, because they know those people are magnets who also bring others. Magnets magnetize metals, so if you keep hanging around long enough, showing up, you get some magnetics too. But to underscore that, you have to go to where the people are. Making an organized effort to do that, and figure out what that means. It will definitely involve investing time and/or money. You can't skip that step, of going where the people are. A good place to start building a pipeline is to star at the source. Build little tributaries at multiple sources. It pulls and pools together. Have people and have systems and have tools that help build these magnets and tributaries. This takes the form of 3 forces: 1. communication, 2. community, and, 3. commerce. They relate to our human need to talk, gather, and share/exchange. If you're talking gatherings, you of course need the commerce, somehow someway, because any place needs some infrastructure. Any event needs a venue and every venue has a fee. An interconnected web of these three force (Communication, community, and commerce) encompasses so many departments, disciplines, and industries. Salespeople, influencers, event coordinators, strategists, freelancers, writers, photographers, entrepreneurs, PR agencies, data analytics people, web developers, influencer talent managers, GTM teams and RevOps and MarkOps teams. Trillions of dollars and billions of hours every year going to moving that triangle around. The triangle moves all by itself. The question then becomes: how to tap into the forces to move your business through your industry. Because the \"repositioning\" of a company within the industry - the mental map that anyone with the knowledge to be in that space - requires energy (time and money). How do you move a mountain? Stone by stone. How do you move a mind? Message by message, person by person, transaction by transaction. Communciation, Commuinty, and Commerce. It's not \"easy\" to move a company across the landscape. It takes time too. It does require work. Which is why you want to find and leverage any external focrces that you can in moving your company. Catch any wind you can. If there's a bustling community around a certain influencer in your industry, tap in. Work with local meetups, hackathons, fundraisers, or workshops. Participate in industry award programs. The forces are always out there, the winds are already blowing. The job is to raise the right sail at the right time. The most successful companies don't create movements from scratch; they identify existing people, places, and things work with them."}