{"timestamp": "2022-07-13 20:30:00", "text": "There are always exceptions to the rules. Any discipline, any craft, any industry, and any -ology. Even harder sciences like math and chemistry are full of anomalies and contradictions when you get close to them. There's so much juicy treasure in the land of exceptions. On Pareto's chart (of 80/20 rule fame), the 20 are the exceptions to the overall. Boundaries and ideas are pushed at the edges. You can only be cutting edge if you're right on the edge. These edge cases as rule-breakers exist in marketing. Any truism in marketing has exceptions. People want transparency, but mystery and intrigue can work even better. Nostalgia and futurism mixed into one. Price works until it doesn't. It's like humans are full of nuanced, complex reasons for being. The breakdown between classic Newtonian physics and quantum physics is like that too. At certain scales and conditions, the rules literally break themselves. I avoid applying one solution or playbook to any particular problem. Gems are found in the exceptions, within the shards of broken rules. Let's say you're following a playbook for \"marketing.\" Many of the recommendations would have dozens of easily-recalled contradicting use cases. There's nothing that's figured out, and we're not any closer to figuring out \"marketing\" in all its messy prevalence than we were 20 or 50 years ago. We've had more than a hundred years of the marketing/advertising industry. That's 100+ years of all the studies done, all that experience and knowledge people received, all that money that was spent, and all those textbooks published and revised. And yet, we still get it wrong en masse. We still have to throw up ideas against the wall, disagree with other ideas, and still deal with the human component of individuals and teams. Marketers and owners still struggle to determine a product market fit, keep people and their team motivated, and keep the lights on. There's no singular solution or problem, for that matter. Instead, each part plays into the larger whole, guiding the results and outcomes. For me, marketing is the most accessible thread to pull at to maximize a business. And the magic is in that; coming up with something and doing it without being guided by a pre-determined playbook. It is knowing where and how to adapt. Strategically, creatively, operationally. Every rule will have a counter-rule, or an example will come to find that successfully bucks those trends. So what's a marketer to do without playbooks? Anything."}