I think of marketing as an activity. The obvious truth is hidden in the "-ing" ending. It's a subtle reminder that marketing is a verb—and so an activity.

But what is it a verb of? It's the verb of "market." Marketing is what markets do, they grow like flowers in a field. Markets are a dynamic force that emerges out of the commercial and media environment; the closest analogy could be how salt crystallizes out of water, where it spontaneously builds a structure and shape.

For a market to exist, by definition, it must continue the process, it has to breathe. And this process continues—through work, through positioning, messaging, through media, through attention, and through commerce. Things that we as marketers do over time.

Moments of marketing don't mean much on their own. It's when you step back to view the larger landscape and timeline that it all connects and makes sense. Numbers on a report are meaningless unless you also see the trends. Trends are the stories in motion and reveal the ebbs and flows. To capture a trend, you need time. It's the movement over time and the doing of daily work that determines whether marketing efforts are effective, successful, or rewarding—or if need changing. And if something needs to change, time gives an activity the space to move from one state to another.

That's what I focus on: the unfolding narrative, the long game of marketing.

Operations as Structure
Systems thinking brings a new perspective to marketing. When you think about marketing within the context of a larger system, you also have to consider the systems that make up marketing itself. These systems must operate continuously—daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly. If something isn’t important enough to be done regularly, it shouldn’t be done at all. The tasks that repeat, that become part of the routine, are the ones that form an impression, much like pottery making. For marketing to be effective, it must be a repeating process, embedded in the work.

Marketing and media build a universe within our lives of imagination (saying “imaginary life” sounds insulting). Operations is the structure, and marketing is the invisible architecture of choice.

Marketing gives us the decision trees, so operations then is the trunk, the scaffolding—the actual “doing” that supports the strategy towards tangible reality. It’s the buzz, the momentum, the shares, the clicks, the activity that shows up on a dashboard somewhere, where people gather to say, “Hey, something changed.”

Where there's activity, there are processes at work, systems in motion. Today, channels exist as both consumption channels and generation channels, with algorithms always working on both sides.

As we move forward in an increasingly complex digital and generative world, the success of marketing will hinge on our ability to see the patterns that are part of a living, breathing ecosystem. The marketers who thrive will be those who can connect ongoing activities and technology with broader market forces and evolving consumer behaviors. In this light, marketing isn't just how we operate—it's how we think, adapt, and grow alongside our markets.​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​